[Handheld Multi-Modal Application] Documentation Update (#3274)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: federal-aerospace/docs/handheld-multi-modal/user-guide/release-notes.md

# Release Notes: Handheld Multi-Modal Application

## Version 2026.1

Initial release (preview) version of the application. The application is optimized for AI inference on portable devices, focusing on SWaP-C compliance (Size, Weight, Power, and Cost). 

**New**

The application introduces the following features:

> - Deployment on top of [Edge Node Infrastructure Blueprint](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/main/edge-ai-suites/ai-suite-federal-and-aerospace/edge-node-infrastructure-blueprint/index.html) which is an edge computing platform that enables hardware acceleration capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deployment on top of [Edge Node Infrastructure Blueprint](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/main/edge-ai-suites/ai-suite-federal-and-aerospace/edge-node-infrastructure-blueprint/index.html), an edge computing platform that enables hardware acceleration capabilities
```

- Text and audio modality support through Conversational Agent exposed via Chat UI that is backed by LLM served by OpenVINO Model Server
- Audio modality support through Speech To Text Service (Whisper)
- Visual modality support through [Visual Pipeline and Platform Evaluation Tool](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/dev/edge-ai-libraries/visual-pipeline-and-platform-evaluation-tool/index.html). 

> - Insight into Observability Dashboard with application and platform metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Insight into application and platform metrics through the Observability Dashboard
```
